Adds `--clean-todo` option to provide separate functionality to cleanup stale and expired todos (#1933)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/todos.md

ember-template-lint . --include-todo
```

> If an error is fixed manually, `ember-template-lint` will let you know that there's an expired todo file. You'll see this error:

Reviewer: It's not `expired`, it's `stale`. 

```suggestion
If an error is fixed manually, `ember-template-lint` will let you know that there's a stale todo file. You'll see this error:
```

```bash

> error  Expired todos exist. Please run \`ember-template-lint --clean-todo\` to remove expired todos.  expired-todo-rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
error  Todo violation passes no-vague-rules rule. Please run `ember-template-lint /path/to/file.hbs --clean-todo` to remove this todo from the todo list.
```

```

> You can fix this error/remove the expired todo file by running `--clean-todo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can fix this error/remove the stale todo file by running `--clean-todo`
```

```bash

> ember-template-lint . --clean-todo

Reviewer: Based on the example above, I think we should we replace `.` with `/path/to/file.hbs` so that it's inline with the example. You can additionally add a blurb about how to clean all todos for all files.
